in my indie game you can pick up and use
all kinds of different weapons some of
them have this over-the-shoulder look or
there's some overlap with the head in
order for this to be possible I have to
consider the draw order for each part of
the player the body is first then the
weapon on top of that and then the head
on top of that by separating the Sprite
out into these smaller pieces I'm able
to make it more adaptable to different
weapons I recently took this concept a
bit further with extra customization
options for the colors before changing
your color would swap out the whole
Sprite sheet but I now have every part
of the player separated into its own
layer meaning I can mix and match
different colors together ending up with
some cool combinations I'm adding more
colors all the time so the options will
continue to grow